if you had a strong team
Good night's sleep after an invitation.
your soccer game for having access to a little pain
What I'm going to disappoint the year, my sky god, we did not even start to talk.
You already tell me something of this.
what if this framework
Sorry for the title, you can not tell
is the following south that the first one of the stadium gave south gold I already knew the
cotton is sagres a cbf has gone too far because the makeup of the business of
st stuck at night they did here in this stadium has no condition of
receive a Brazilian national team match with the already stopped world cup game
and now sugars put a big screen evidently that this is not
improvised because it rustles despite its stadium with very
great and dated cia can even receive a world cup qualifier match
but a major reform has to be made
put a big screen
The liquid crystal myth is not here on my right
cabins
I had a pressure drop
and in that moment they pass this haidê Luis Lied well in truth
two pictures in the game in curitiba
one of them is as follows
thank you governor eduardo campos
the hypothesis more people appears the photo of Ricardo Teixeira with the same sayings
thank you, president ricardo teixeira.
two hours of it I think that I went through the street that the game was marvelous
he really thinks that the Brazilian people
recomposed on the decio of this month
that you will convince yourself
is that these are the national heroes my god of heaven thing
horrible
It's not over
You needed to see if you needed to see
the deputy then deputy
eduardo field
the cbf cpi command
almost covered the game there by ricardo teixeira
because this is it
I did not play or
bet now that you did not already count that the champion came back that promises
lost titles improvised too
it presupposes
four wires I do not know the attackers but it is the price that aims to endow
swinging technicians fell here
this may have been that of another that caused victims
cbf guests is the proposed depository how can you
infrastructure 0
and on top of you he kicked hard
instead they manage to make political propaganda is still absurd
This one I heard now near the goal of the program juca
and I think he also questions
what is the result the pilot follows far from the city of the reef being that the
town we could have three stadiums is zero
no bocelli
one of them could be formed with private perspective as true true
body exam
the stream passing here from the side given rue or shock the owner of the one mille
and the bruno simão the dodó heard exuding a terrible smell
I'm not open sky, I do not have anyone any more
the main access road of the beach for a good trip to Olinda
are four tracks all open level titles with who will do what season
having the age to arrive with the exit of good trip there until Olinda is delayed
more than an hour of peak hours means nothing of infrastructure by
this is important could develop in the capital in the city of itu
of the reef there will make a stadium that is 30 kilometers
of the city imagine only the nautical classic
in santa cruz the jc disputed modern world cup stadium lakes
and it will not be disputed here in the rue is inconceivable ju that someone has to
do something they can not continue with this
understand why I have already seen an example of the take and come so far to
who did this will be another stadium that will not give public
none
billions of reais was created which was
and the stadium will stay on the flies and the infrastructure
so good
what the population to chant to lure the population here all of what
pernambuco is a Brazilian state purpose has achieved this
together but you did not see defeats today the declaration of the mayor of
cuiabá and at the seminar in which he presented
Cuiabá's projects to receive the cup
said
cynically
that the stadium she will be told
at the time the board of directors could have up to a white alligator
also lost lead
because he was allergic
does not shock me
I could not see this internet pop news also that does not work
so there's no way you're stranded